# Category-Two
The enhancement I have for this category includes a crud.py script that was created in CS 340, Advanced Programming concepts. The original artifact was used to connect to a local mongoDB. For category two, I used coding best practices to implement this functionality into my python application from category one. I built upon what was previously completed and made several other enhancements to the original app. I implemented a login feature that searches our database to validate the username and password. To further enhance our crud functions security, I verified that the user logging in had the correct permissions assigned to their account to access various features. If the role is admin then they have access to the full menu, whereas the role of user only has the rights to see their own profile. Other enhancements and security features include, limiting the number of user login attempts to 3 and the inclusion of .env and .gitignore files to hide our database log in information.
	This category meets various course outcomes. It was developed using a security mindset that anticipates exploits and vulnerabilities. It ensures privacy and enhanced security of data and resources. Combining these two functions and apps also showcases my ability to evaluate computing solutions that solve a given problem. While the functionality here is not overly complex it allows for another developer to easily introduce other functionality through collaboration such as a more complex or efficient search algorithm. 
<li>Username: admin </li>
<li>Password: password </li>
<li>Role: admin </li>
